What's up engineers? Indie Devdan here.
With the right skills, your agent can do
tons of work for you. You know this, but
by engineering the right stack of
skills, sub aents, prompts, and
reusability system, you can automate
entire classes of work. If you don't
have agents for these two classes of
work we'll break down in this video,
you're wasting time doing work your
agents can do for you. This is the name
of the game right now. How many problems
can you hand off to your agents in a
reusable scalable way? In the terminal J
automate Amazon, we're kicking off a
clawed code instance in fast mode. This
is going to run a different type of
workflow. This is going to run in a
Gentic browser automation workflow. Now,
this is a personal workflow that it's
running. You can see here it's got a
whole list of items that I need to
purchase and it's going to do this for
me. This is browser automation. As
engineers, there's a more important task
that we need to focus on as well. So,
we'll open up a new terminal here, and
we'll type JUI review. This is going to
kick off a Gentic UI testing. You can
see here we're kicking off three
browsers. Uh, this is going to be a mock
user test on top of Hacker News. And our
UI tests are effectively going to
operate a user story against Hacker
News. You can have agents do your UI
testing. Now, there are several benefits
to this over traditional UI testing with
justest or viest that we're going to
cover in this video. But you can see
here, you know, 40k tokens each they're
completing. They're summarizing back to
the primary agent. And you can see here
these user stories have passed. Why is a
gentic browser use so important? It's
because it allows you to copy yourself
into the digital world so you can
automate two key classes of engineering
work. Browser automation and UI testing.
Whenever I sit down to automate a
problem with agents, I always ask
myself, what is the right combination of
skills, sub agents, prompts, and tools I
can use to solve this problem in a
templated way for repeat success? In
this video, I want to share my four
layer approach for building agents that
automate and test work on your behalf.
Let's break down automating work on the
web.
Bowser is a opinionated structure using
skill subvisions/comands and one
additional layer we'll talk about. And
the whole point here is to set up
systems for agentic browser automation
and UI testing. I don't just want to
solve this problem for one codebase. I
want a system that I can come to that's
built in an agent first way to solve
browser automation and UI testing. So
let's start with the core technology. So
you can see here the Amazon workflow is
of course using claude with Chrome. You
can activate this by using the d-chrome
flag and it's a great way to use your
existing browser session to accomplish
work with agents. There are pros and
cons to this approach which is why I
needed another tool so that we could
scale UI testing with agents. That is of
course the playright CLI. Now this is
super important and the developers know
this. You want to be using CLIs, not MCP
servers. MCP servers chew up your tokens
and they're very rigid. You have to do
it their way however the MCP server is
built. This is why we always prefer CLIs
and CLIs give us the massive benefit
that we can build on top of it in our
own opinionated way. So these are the
two technologies that Bowser is built
on. A couple key things to note here. We
ran three agents that QA specific user
stories and they all responded to the
primary agent with success. You can see
each of them has their own number of
steps and they all have their own
screenshots. This is super critical. You
can see the autocomplete already picking
up on what I want to do. I'm just going
to hit tab enter. open the screenshots
directory and let's go ahead and see
what happened there. You can see that
every step of the way our agents created
a screenshot of the workflow view top
post comments. We can walk through
exactly what our agent did and how it
validated everything. This is a simple
mock example test, but imagine this
running on your brand new user interface
that you're building up with agents
deploying very quickly. If one of your
workflows goes wrong, your agents now
have a trail of success and a trail of
failure because they're taking
screenshots along the way. I want to
show you different ways you can layer
your architecture. It's not just about
skills. Everyone's very obsessed with
skills. I want to show you how you can
stack it up and layer it properly to get
repeatable results at scale. So, let's
jump into the codebase here. So, we'll
start with the skill. So, include
skills, we have two key skills, right?
Cloud browser and playright browser.
Let's start with the more interesting
one, playright browser. If I open this
up, you can see we have this structure.
I'll collapse and you can see all the
details of this skill. Now the key
pieces are here. This is a token
efficient CLI for playright. Runs
headless supports parallel sessions and
we have named sessions for stored state.
All right. So if we open this up here,
you know, you can see we have just a
bunch of details on how this works. And
this is directly using the playright
CLI. You know, the nice part about
building your own skill is you get to
customize it however you want, right? So
they have their own opinionated skill in
here. You know, I always recommend you
check out how other engineers are
building their skill. There's reference
files here and then they have a
skill.mmd kind of just breaking down
what the help command would do. Anyway,
you can see that's how they broke that
down inside of this. I'm breaking it
down my own way. I'm setting up defaults
that I want for repeated success for the
way that I'm going to be building
applications. This is an important thing
to mention. Code is fully commoditized.
Anyone can generate code. That is not an
advantage anymore. What is an advantage
is your specific solution to the problem
you're solving. And that boils down all
the way to how you write your skills. So
you can see here you know the big
advantage we get out of this is headless
by default. We get parallel sessions and
we get persistent profiles. So if you
are running some type of login workflow
with your playright testing agent you
can persist the session which is really
important. So that's great. We also have
the claw browser scale. There's not much
to document here because when you're
using claude with the - chrome flag
essentially what it does is it injects a
bunch of additional tools that allows
claude to access the browser. And so the
only real checks we need to add into the
skill is just to make sure that the flag
is turned on. And then we have a couple,
you know, opinionated pieces here.
Resize the browser and then you execute
the user request and return. So very
simple. The skill isn't ultra necessary,
but I wanted to build it to showcase how
we can stack up this skill into
different workflows. So that's great. We
have our two skills, right? The skill is
the capability. This is the foundational
layer. The next piece of this layered
approach is going to be our
agents. So you can see here we have
three agents. Let's start with a simple
one. Let's start with our playright
browser agent. Now check out how I'm
prompt engineering this. This is a very
simple sub agent that we can spin up to
do arbitrary browser work with the
playright CLI. So we've activated the
skill in the front matter and then we're
mentioning it just one more time inside
of the actual workflow. So you can see
here this agent is very simple. All
we're doing is scaling this skill into a
sub agent. We can prompt over and over
for UI testing tasks and really just for
any browser automation task. This
doesn't have to be for UI testing. It
just happens to be that it's great for
that. Okay. And then we have the claw
browser agent. So we can use the cloud
code Chrome tools inside of a sub agent.
The big problem with this is that it
doesn't really belong here. We can check
on our workflow right now. If we open up
the terminal, you can see that our
Amazon workflow is still working,
purchasing things for us. Let's go and
open up Chrome. You can see it's buying
some blue light blockers for me. It's
got a couple other things inside the the
cart for me here, including, you know,
flowers. Valentine's Day right around
the corner. Got to pick up those flowers
for the GF, right? It's fully automated
and it's doing this work on my behalf.
The big problem with this using the
D-Chrome flag is that you cannot run
this in parallel. Okay, so this is one
of the big limitations, 14 minutes
running AK tokens. It's just going to
continue running my browser automation
task for me. And let's move to our most
important agent, the browser QA agent.
And so here's where things get
interesting. This is where we're
actually building out a concrete
workflow. This is where things get more
specialized. This is a UI validation
agent that's going to work through user
stories. It's going to do it in a very
specific way. This is where we start
templating or engineering into a system
for repeat success. All right, these
agents can do a lot more than we give
them credit for. It's time to start
pushing them hard into specific
workflows to automate classes of work.
So let's understand how this agent
allows us to do that exactly. We have a
classic agent workflow here. Classic
agentic prompt purpose variables
workflow report examples. If you've been
with the channel, you understand this
structure very well. Let's jump into the
workflow. Right? This is where the work
actually happens. So this agent is going
to parse a user story into specific
steps, create a directory for it, work
through the workflow, take screenshots,
report pass or fail, and then actually
close the browser. And so here we have
an opinionated workflow with a few
variables where our agent is going to be
recording its journey along the way and
saving screenshots. Very very powerful.
You can see we have a output format.
This is very important. We are
specifically telling how our agent to
respond and we have examples of some
stepbystep workflows that this agent
could actually execute. Okay. And so if
we wanted to, we could do something like
this, right? We can just copy one of
these examples. We'll use the
example.com, you know, we'll just copy
this out. And it's going to turn this
into a series of steps. fire up a cloud
code instance and then we can just use
the agent reference with at browser-qa.
There's this agent and then we can just
fire this prompt off. So we're giving it
that step-by-step workflow and this is
going to kick off a headless browser
agent to actually validate this workflow
to make sure that everything works. All
right. And so this is just a random
example. Uh example.com doesn't actually
have, you know, any input field to enter
anything into. So this workflow will
likely come back failed, right? Because
these steps don't really exist. failed
to go to example.com. Reserved domain,
paragraph of text, no login. Exactly.
So, we got screenshots of the journey
saved along the way. Now, this is the
important piece that I really want to
share with you here, right? We layered
an agent on top of a skill and then we
built an agent to use that skill, right?
We can see that playright browser skill
here. And we built a concrete workflow
for repeat success. This bowser
codebase, it isn't like a standalone
codebase is a codebase that I and you
can reference to pull a consistent
structure of skills, sub aents, prompts,
and one additional layer I'll share in a
moment here for reusability. And it
allows you to take this and apply to any
problem, any code base with a consistent
structure. Okay? And so the agent is
where we start to specialize and scale
where the skill is just our raw
capability. Okay? And so I think if
you're just looking at things from the
angle of a skill, you're not using all
agentics as well as you could, right?
There are many other pieces that you can
add to this to really expand what you
can do with your agent. All right?
Everyone is just spamming skills right
now. And that's great. I understand why,
but there's layers to how you can build
this up for repeat success. Especially,
and this is an important thing to
mention, especially with these new agent
orchestration features coming out of
cloud code and other agent coding tools,
knowing how to build these specialized
agents that you can scale is going to be
ultra important. I think sub agents got
a massive buff and they're going to be a
centerpiece as agent orchestration
becomes the primary paradigm of agentic
coding. I'll link the previous video
where we talk about the powerful new
agent orchestration features coming out
of cloud code. You can see here the
Amazon workflow has completed. It's
walked right up to the doorstep of
making the purchase. And if we open up
the terminal here, you can see here that
it, you know, set everything. This
workflow took 20 minutes to run, but it
did it all without us. All right? And
so, you know, you can see this is a this
is a risky workflow because it walked
right up to the doorstep of the purchase
and it has everything we asked for. This
is one example. Browser automation has
many many uses, many many things you can
do from support workflow automation,
from gathering documents, from you know
different resources. There are many many
ways to use browser automation and you
can see here my agent emphasizing this
stopping here not placing order very
important. Uh the adherence of this Opus
4.6 model is really fantastic. It's
great with directions and you can see
that it you know completed this entire
workflow. Definitely took some time
though and if it took time that means it
took tokens. So that's great. Let's
continue to the next layer. Right. So,
you can see here we're starting to build
opinionated reusable agents on top of
our skill. Right? We're not just relying
on the skill. Although, if we want to,
whenever we want to, we can kick off a
brand new terminal, fire up Claude, and
we can activate any one of these skills,
right? So, if we wanted to, we could do
Claude browser, kick the skill off, or
playright browser, kick this off. So, we
can hop into any layer we want to. This
is a huge advantage that makes it easier
to test and scale up your agents one
step at a time as you add layer by layer
by layer of agentics. But uh you can see
here we have a couple prompts. So let's
go ahead and get into the third layer of
this stack which is the actual
custom/comands. And I'm calling this the
orchestration layer. Now let's break
down why.
Once you have the skill and once you
stack agents on top of your workflow, I
think the next thing you're going to
want to go for is a command, a
custom/comand, also just known as a
reusable prompt. You can see we have
that UI review prompt that ran. This is
where things get a little more
interesting, a little more complex. So,
UR review fires off parallel story
validation. So, you saw how this works
at a high level, but you can see here we
have stories glob. So, we have a bunch
of variables set up here. So, if we open
up AI review, you can see we have a
single simple user story for hackernews.
And if we open this up, you can see this
very simple file format that is
effectively a user story for your
application. It has the name, the URL
your agent's going to visit, and then
the actual workflow. If this isn't
clear, the true purpose of these
workflows is, you know, you copy all
these, you go lochost, you know, blah
blah blah slash your page and then your
agent validates against that specific
page. Obviously, this is a very agent
first approach to testing. But, you
know, another great part here is that
you can do things like this, you know,
uh, your staging com/you
page and then you can test against that
as well. And if you wanted to, you can
even modify this workflow so that, you
know, you have multiple pages that
you're going to test. Again, I want to
emphasize this. This isn't just a random
skill, right? I think of skills as
low-level capabilities that you give
your agent. After you have that, it's up
to you to compose it into something
useful and valuable in a repeat scalable
way. And a great way to do that is by
building out sub agents so that you can
scale and then commands which gives you
that real power, that real control. All
right? And so more and more I'm thinking
about commands, you know, prompts as the
orchestration layer. So you can see this
is a user story we built out and of
course you can have an agent as you're
building your application. You can have
them very very quickly spin up new
stories to test that workflow. All
right, if you want to you can take this
and add that next piece. This is what I
do when I deploy this browser system
into my applications. I'll take this
workflow and actually add additional
agents to it. So let me explain that
part in UI review. This is our
orchestration prompt. And of course it
looks just like all of our other
prompts. Very consistent prompt
structure. You add the sections when you
need them. When you don't, you remove
them. Here we have a lot of them, right?
Purpose, variables, code structure,
instructions, workflow, report. What
this does is it's going to create an
agent team. We are leveraging the new
orchestration feature coming out of
cloud code, coming out of a lot of
powerful agentic coding tools. Now,
right, you can create teams of agents
that work toward a common goal. In this
case, we're creating a team that does UI
review. All right, so you can see here
in the instructions kind of breaking
down how we'll do this, but the most
important piece is the workflow. All
right. So, we're going to discover all
the UIs and set up the output directory.
We're then going to spawn our agents,
right? This is a team of agents and
we're actually breaking down how to
prompt each agent, right? So, for each
task call, use this prompt. So, we are
metaprompt engineering in a different
type of way here. We're teaching our
primary agent or the orchestrator agent
how to prompt the sub aents. All right,
we're being very explicit here. So, you
can be very, very detailed with the
results you're getting out of your sub
agents. And then we have collect. After
every teammate finishes, they're going
to ping back via the task list as we've
covered in previous videos. And then
they're going to clean up and report.
So, we're actually using this powerful
UI review prompt, right? UI review as a
consistent way to test our UI over and
over and all we have to do is just
activate this prompt and our entire UI
gets tested by agents. And so, you know,
you might be thinking, why would you use
agents instead of a consistent, you
know, UI testing framework? There are
many reasons for that. I think the
biggest one is that at a drop of a dime,
if we open up our user stories, we can
have our agent quickly build arbitrary
workflows and you know very very easily
and seamlessly. It's just you know walk
through step by step exactly what
happens and our agents will just
validate against a URL. Right? To me
this is the big advantage of a gentic UI
testing. They just operate on the thing
like a user would. Okay. No sea of
testing configuration for your gest,
your vi test, your, you know, whatever
tests you're setting up. They're acting
like a user would. You know, I
understand that we're always playing
this game of balance between are we
going to build a a gentic
non-deterministic solution? Are we going
to build a very deterministic code
solution for things like this, right?
And I think more and more the answer is,
you know, all the top I think all the
best agentic engineers, they're going to
be doing some combination of both, but
they're also going to be leaning a
little extra agentic. All right. And so
this is one manifestation of that. We're
setting up user stories that had a
specific URL that we spread across
multiple agents to run it in parallel.
And now at any point in time, and we can
just kick this off again, right? There's
no cost here to us. And actually, I'll
kick this off in headed mode so we can
all see this. any point in time we can
then just run the workflow to test our
new application or to test whatever
thing that you're working on right and
so you know in the world of trusting and
deploying agents I think this is going
to be more and more valuable because we
can just quickly add user stories and
have our agents run through them very
quickly you can see once again they're
spinning up their own headed browser
using the playright CLI they're working
very very quickly you know they're
operating with pretty great token
efficiency because we're using the CLI
instead of the MCP server so there's
great token efficiency we can See all of
our agents have completed almost here
when they're all going to close their
page. There we go. Done. And then
they're going to merge their results
back here. There it is. UI summary
complete. This is us moving all the way
up to that prompt level. And so the
prompt control the sub aents. The sub
aents use the skills. Okay. So very
powerful. Let me show you the Amazon
workflow. So if you're doing browser
automation work, Amazon add to cart. We
have a very very simple workflow. I
think for browser automation, you know,
the automations themselves are best
written as an actual reusable custom
slash command for testing purposes, but
also so that we can scale them like
this. So, some engineers on the channel,
you may have come across patterns like
this where you have something I call a
hop or a higher order prompt. Okay, so
this is an interesting type of prompt.
Think of this like a function that takes
a function as a parameter. All right,
this is exactly what this does. So you
can see here argument one. This actually
takes a another prompt as a parameter.
Why do we do this? We do this because we
want to wrap that prompt that runs in a
very consistent workflow. Okay. And so
here's the workflow. This is the
automate browser workflow. We're going
to save browser automation workflow
inside of this directory. So I can just
store a bunch of automations here and
then I can change the workflow that
actually runs. Okay. So the consistent
pieces go in the higher order prompt and
then the details, right? the steps that
you want to run go in the lower order
prompt or just the prompt that you want
to execute. As you can see here, very
simple, we have a, you know, Amazon add
to cart. That's what we ran before. And
so at any point in time, we can run, you
know, Amazon add to cart like this or we
can run, you know, our proper higher
order prompt to automate and then pass
in the workflow, right? So we would do
something like this and then we would
execute it like this. And so this will
kick off that purchase workflow. And the
idea is, you know, relatively simple but
very powerful. I can now run these
automations, right? We're going to
parse. We're going to load the workflow.
And then we're going to execute the
workflow. But we can save repeat
instructions for every piece of this
workflow that runs. Okay. So that's what
this hop automate does. And this is us
automating browser task in a repeat way.
Okay. We're not just relying on skills.
We're scaling it up into sub agents into
reusable orchestration prompts. And then
we have one more layer I want to show
you here. This is a tool that I'm using
on the channel and for all my private
engineering work as well. After you have
all these different ways to execute with
your agent, you're going to want a
repeat single place to call all these
tools. And that's what you saw here in
the beginning. If we close out this
agent in the root of that directory, if
we type J or if we type which J. So you
can see my actual command, you can see
that I have J alias to just is a
powerful and simple command runner.
Let's break this tool down.
So just is the cherry on top for a lot
of the workflows that I like to run.
Open up this file here, just file.
You'll see all the commands we just ran,
all the permutations of how we want to
execute and kick off our cloud agent.
And you'll see all the workflows with
variables we can pass in to overwrite
them. This allows you and your team and
other agents to build repeat solutions
and then to quickly access them. Okay,
so this is my reusability layer at the
very very top. So we have skills
capability at the bottom. We have sub
agents to scale. You can give each one
of your sub agents a different skill or
the same skill. And then you want
commands to orchestrate. And then right
at the top I use just or just files for
reusability. And I'll go ahead and add
my just file. If we type just here, you
can see I have a skill of course built
up to quickly configure, set up, and
adjust your just files. So I'll add this
to this codebase for you here as well.
And the idea is simple. We want to be
able to customize and specialize our
agents inside of our code bases. Great.
So, how do we do that? After you have
all of your agentics built in, how can
you quickly call these in a reusable
way, right? So that you, your team, and
your agents know what is even available.
So, I like to use just file as a
reusability layer. And it is just a task
runner. If we type just, you can see all
the commands available. At any point in
time, we can kick off one of our agents.
Let's just kick off a couple agents here
so I can show you exactly what this
looks like. So if we have our let's find
our Chrome browser agent here and let's
just use the top level just paste this
workflow here test Chrome skill we can
then overwrite this default parameter
and the default parameter here is
default prompt get current date go to
Simon Wilson find his latest blog
summarize it give it a rating out of 10
okay so we can just kick this default
off that's fine and you can see we're
opening up a cloud code instance to do
that work exactly you can imagine this
as anything right we could be you know
looking for updates from our favorite
blogs we want to collect them into some
resource. We want to do some actual data
entry. We want to run support. We want
to do some information gathering. You
can have your agents do that. And
clauding chrome is a way to do it. You
can also set up something like playright
CLI to quickly, you know, build your own
customizable skill that does things in a
specific way on your behalf. But I like
to use the just file here as that final
layer of reusability on top of all of
it. In the beginning of the video, we
ran this just this workflow. At any
point in time, we can come in automate
Amazon or we can come to the workflow
and we can build a brand new browser
workflow and then we can pass this end
to the automation workflow. That's the
idea here. And notice here that I'm
solving the class of problem. Okay? And
that's the meta theme of what I wanted
to share with you today. There are
entire classes of problems that you
don't need to solve anymore if you teach
your agents to solve that problem. And
so in this browser codebase, I have a
templated repeat solution for solving
browser automation and solving UI
testing. Now, you know, there's tons of
things in here we want to tweak, change,
make our own, make fit the mold of your
codebase. But the way I'm thinking about
solving problems now in the age of
agents is template engineering into a
repeat opinionated solution that you can
deploy over and over again and
specialize. Right? This is just a mold.
Bowser is just a mold with a great
four-layer architecture where you have a
capability which are your skills that
you then roll into your agents which
gives you scale right you can add them
into teams you can parallelize these and
then you have commands at the top which
are effectively the API layer for
running all of these in a more
opinionated more specialized way right
this is the orchestration piece then at
the top of it all you can create what
are effectively functions for your
commands that you can run over and over
and over this is my four-layer approach
for browser automation and UI testing. I
highly recommend you build something
like this out for your own work. You can
see here we finished looking at Simon's
blog. Shout out Simon Willis. Always
sharing top tier ideas for engineers.
And you know, you can see here just a
nice simple breakdown, right? But that
was all done with browser automation.
You can imagine we hit, you know, five
or 10 top blogs to gather information
from engineers giving us the greatest
signal. And that's the big theme. You
know, once again, we're striking on
that. You want to be handing off more
and more work to your agents. You want
to be solving classes of problems in a
repeat way. Every time you go to tackle
that specific problem, you are doing
less and your agents are doing more.
You're scaling your compute to scale
your impact. That's a big theme we talk
about on the channel all the time.
There's one more idea that I want to
discuss with you here. You know, you
might be thinking, Dan, why are you
breaking things down so much like this?
Skills, commands, agents. Why aren't you
just throwing agents at the problem? Let
them take care of how all of this looks.
Just automate everything, right?
Automate this stuff away. Don't
outsource learning how to build with the
most important technology of our
lifetime, agents. Okay? If you're
outsourcing your skills, I know a lot of
people are using plugins now, your
agents, your prompts. How will you
improve? How will you build unique
systems? How will you even know how to
build powerful agentic layers around
your codebase? All right. And the answer
is you won't. You won't be able to.
You'll be limited by what everyone else
can do because you'll be dependent on
what everyone else is doing. You'll
always be using plugins. You'll be using
someone else's prompts. And you know
that in itself is super dangerous. We
don't cover security a lot, but prompt
injections are one of the most dangerous
security vulnerabilities to exist for
engineers because you can write and
command anything. More on that later. I
really want to emphasize this idea here.
you know, if you can't look at a
library, pull it into a skill, build it
on your own, scale it with some sub
agents, and then orchestrate it with a
prompt, right? If if you can't really
build it up, stack up these layers, you
will constantly be limited. And this is
one of the big differences once again
between vibe coders and agentic
engineers. Agentic engineers know what
their agents are doing, and they know it
so well, they don't have to look. Vibe
coders don't know, and they don't look.
If you master the agent, you will master
knowledge work. Don't outsource
learning. Check out the link in the
description. Pull some ideas from this
codebase. The organization here of the
four layer architecture is the most
important piece here. Take this, make it
your own, roll it into your own skills,
right? Create your own sub agents.
Specialize your repeat solutions with
your AI review directory or your AI docs
directory with your commands, right?
Make it your own. Specialization matters
more than ever. Specialization combined
with scale and agent orchestration is
where the big nugget of gold is right
now in the age of agents. Link in the
description for this codebase. You know
where to find me every single Monday.
Stay focused and keep building.